hey everybody welcome back to Norton
land please the binding of issac and
truth plus we've been doing eating runs
that we've been crushing it lately let's
keep crushing it Gary Vaynerchuk style
can I actually move yes I can so we got
it's a good run I give this like a five
and a half to it six which i think is
completely okay poor speed poor rate of
fire maybe slightly better than average
damage great HP good spacebar item
that's good enough you know it's not a
ten obviously it's not a ten I'm not
trying to be ungrateful by saying that
this is a five and a half M Oh just
being honest about the you know my
appraisal of the situation as it stands
we have a space bar item that is pretty
okay it contributes to a transformation
that actually gives us some benefit we
have twelve bombs which actually you
know you might think I'm I'm gassing you
up here but I'm not I think having a lot
of bombs in the early game especially if
you're dps is not that good it's
actually pretty useful when it comes to
not completely screwing the pooch okay
so how that worked is sort of beyond me
but the haunt is totally screwed even if
he doesn't actually get hit by a bomb
the fires will just tear him up so he's
well and truly dusted just try not to
get hit at all easy money three bombs we
get a speed upgrade takes lift at one
point two three and honestly we could
probably leave this floor but let's try
to get enough money to make an arcade
app and that's that's something that we
can leverage to our advantage for
certain certainly I would suggest you
know we got a long way to go on this run
we I think damage is not terrible but
our dps is pretty bad twelve rated fire
is not awful but it's got a lot of room
to grow for being 100% Frank right now
which Frank I don't know I can't think
of that many Frank's off the top of my
head Frank Stallone that's Sylvester
Stallone's brother perhaps most famous
to contemporary audiences for his role
in that tim and eric' sketch where he
sang with cern in your bedroom back into
the computer room and it makes good
sense it's the only way you can sleep
out on the captain till you find to play
anyway you get the idea Frank Stallone
he looks like Sylvester I mean it makes
sense they are brothers siblings I mean
they're brothers but I meant like not in
the brothers from another mother sort of
way they have the same mothers what I'm
trying to suggest here at least to the
best of my knowledge anyway I don't know
we haven't done like anything on this
floor of note except for get a speed
upgrade and this is probably our second
secret room like I'm looking for
potential advantages here but I kind of
feel like we're hemmed in on all sides
like there's just not a lot of there's
not a lot of things to leverage here
until literally just now where we picked
up 27 cents and a luck upgrade for the
cost of two bombs that's pretty good
it's a better than average response from
throwing a couple of bombs out there
into the ether I would suggest so blow
this up get a spirit art there you go
that's almost enough for the wind by
itself unless we lose it really quickly
here and I say that because I mean the
deal with the devil especially
considering how much HP we have probably
gives us you know what just saw stood
gives us a few different inroads that
could take us to greatness
so moving box I I don't I don't hate it
at all and I've used it at least on one
occasion alike very good effect I don't
think it's like particularly great
necessarily but it is interesting so I'm
going to I'm going to roll with it I'm
going to try to destroy monstro here as
best as I know how so we're going to if
possible get him to jump onto this fire
or we can bring the fire to him that
might do it right there okay good deal
with the devil
cat-o'-nine-tails given us the damage
upgrade we want we really don't want
anything here so it's looking more and
more like a deal with the angel run so
how did we make that filigree feather
angelic Spoils well if we're going deals
with the angel that was very close then
that seems like pretty okay but I
believe what we did with this was we
stacked up all the items we didn't want
and then we used a black rune to turn
them all into stats upgrade upgrades and
then like swallow penny was involved
somehow someway I keep coming up with
funky ass stuff like every single day so
I don't really we're kind of waiting on
like a black rune existing but you can
make some pretty cool moving box plays
let's be honest Book of Satan is not
part of my long-term plans I don't care
about that bomb for your otherwise it's
like the thing is you want to suck it
out hilariously enough because then you
can double everything that you've sucked
up so we're creating a monster this is a
strange situation I know I keep saying
that but this is the same that almost
like you have to be organized in yours a
deenis here which is a foreign concept
for me because moving box I really don't
understand the value of it outside of
this exact situation like being able to
carry bad items together is only good if
you can find a way to productively do
something with them eventually like get
a d6 for example you know a D 100 would
work a cracked dice would work but you
need some way to to get them all to pop
off it so it's really only plausible if
you have a situation in which your stats
are already decent you know what I'm out
take me out of here we've already seen
our shop we know that something else
available in it so okay well and we're
not even done with this floor yeah I
mean just let me go okay
sanitarium let me be okay just begging
you here
Chris was amazed please all he's done it
second secret room I'll use the bombs
let's get out of here
Ace of Hearts you know it's pretty bad
but maybe one day we'll find a reason to
use it okay caves one how the heck do
you make this work well we are looking
for help me we're looking for a black
rune avoid item anything along those
lines actually I'm not skeptical about
our chances of getting one I'm a little
conservative I'd say we have like you
know probably a better than 50% chance
oh that was rough but it's not
guaranteed that we'll get one for
certain but I think that you know you
know I wouldn't be surprised if we
picked up a black room especially we get
a rune bag or something like that it
makes it that much more likely without
that we really should just go with
swallowed penny which is actually
crooked penny in general you probably
want to use that to take out the source
instead of what we did but these guys
have got to go something's got to go
somethin's gotta go your dude we've done
okay yeah otherwise we don't really get
much benefitted we should just go with
what we've got already
which you know swallow penny is probably
the crooked penny I should say is
probably one of the best items in the
game even if it doesn't pop off for you
in the situation what you wanted to pop
off the most on average you're going to
get a lot more out of the item than that
item gets out of you which is a
nonsensical statement but you sort of
get the idea I'm getting that hopefully
anyway just keep crushing them here
daddy longlegs will buy you some time
the only thing bad about our present
situation really is our rate of fire
even our damage is pretty good and our
future potential is is off the charts if
we can get black room you want to be
able to suck up items you don't want is
the thing so
I killed that guy when I had the chance
we can give daddy-longlegs to break the
stalemate here I mean that was nice
thank you you did take out two of those
silkworms but didn't even take damage
kind of a surprise to me not going to
blow those up because I want to save I
want to save our bombs for basically the
boss room actually I should say Wow
don't need to save one bomb for the
angel statue but I mean it would be nice
to have the chance to fight the angel
statue just to get mega Satan happening
on on a run that is in a daily but it's
not essential remember by the way to
suck up an item we need to charges
because we need to put everything down
and then we need to pick everything back
up I guess the other thing you could use
the moving box for is if you have a d20
or something like it you could put all
the consumables that you can ever get in
one room together and then you know
accomplish things that way but these all
strike me as pretty low percentage plays
although the movie box is one of those
rare super Fringe case items where we
completely like got the dream case to
work the first time we ever had it I was
trying my best but I mean now I'm just
throwing some HP away sadly but please
give me something decent yeah I mean
latchkey it gives us the spirit ours and
the luck upgrades not going to hurt
either but we really did get to like the
dream scenario where we have so many
items we didn't want we sucked them all
up we deposited them double done with
the crooked penny and then use the black
ring to suck it all up a stat upgrades
and that was like absurd and that's
probably fairly unlikely to happen again
but if it did I'd be a happy camper
we've already found our secret room so
we know it's not going to be adjacent to
the curse room sadly uh okay so blow
this up your Miata is kind of like a
weird situation
by trinkets melter smelt your trinket
grab moving box suck up drink smell oh
you put everything down grab this suck
it all up okay I don't know maybe those
things that are in those items are all
getting charges the entire time we're
holding them in moving box we should
check on that next time maybe I did
sacrifice the spirit art to come in here
I was kind of looking for a way out from
being on it's like a way is something
that maybe like the pack or the mother
the pact of the mark or something like
that could have given us something good
but it's not like it's a bad run it's
just kind of just kind of an for now and
if we don't ever get a chance to get
deals with the angel I think that that's
a problem I also have no idea what our
trinket that we just smelt it does but
you know it said Angel spoils so I'm
assuming that you know it doesn't look
like it gives us a better chance of
getting a deal with the angel so I'm
guessing that it makes angel rooms
better which also is in keeping with the
theme of like the whole most recent
booster pack so can certainly understand
where they're coming from on that one
feels like it's probably a secret room
but do you really want to go to a secret
room might want to we probably could
have left it and push that bomb again
but that's okay I'm thinking we want to
use our bomb to find a tinted rock and
like a tinted rock alone because I need
or to kill boss I guess but I need to
maintain our maximum plausible chance of
getting a deal with the devil so we
could throw the items down here and then
suck up those I guess that's another
thing I hadn't considered you could use
the moving box to suck up consumables
that you otherwise couldn't get like
those ones right there and and then you
could deposit them in an area that's
gettable but you could do that for items
as well as the clothes sometimes you do
get items that are like marooned on an
island basically that you can access
unless you can fly and oftentimes you
know super early in the game you don't
have that luxury so
I don't think it's probably like very
low percentage that we'd have the
opportunity to get one of those
situations early but if it happens it
happens
rah mega this boss is kind of poopy I
wish he'd just think dirty
rah mega never let me get a deal with
the angel please I mean daddy longlegs
crapped on him but I got it I got in the
bad situation now I'll admit that was
like very preventable but it looks like
it's going to be kind of a kind of a
rough and tumble run here I should say
you know a hundred percent mean we kind
of put everything down first to suck it
all up but you get the idea you know
what let's do that we need to keep these
to get the charge did I mean that's
going to be charged obviously if this
charge is not charged they don't get
charges when they're in the box that's
them it's sensible unfortunately and
then we'll suck everything up in there
and then as a result of sucking
everything up in there we'll also add
four cents to our equation that we could
pick up the next time you put these down
and we have enough rooms left we should
be able to get a battery charge
if we can't though that's going to be
real nasty let's say we want the rainbow
worm it's just sort of not that good
okay it's almost like a blessing that we
see that there's more rooms down here so
I should be able to get a full charge I
mean if I didn't at this point it would
be very surprising ASA spades also
pretty good if we're in dire need of
some keys we could turn all the pennies
into keys and then suck them up but it's
not worth anything to be honest with you
that's what we needed is black room
right there so now that like this run is
taking on a new dimension now just keep
black rune and we still to get to our
item room as well our shop is probably
not likely but our item room is very
plausible so we could if we wanted to
pop black rune early and the only
consequence
I love the tears up
though it's not much I hate the knock
back but I love to watch it leave we I
mean there's what I'm getting added here
is there's a trade-off could be worse
sadly our luck is luck is like a luxury
sad if it's good and you care about it
then your runs probably going alright to
begin with
feels like a secret room on well we
should pick up all this stuff it's like
one more room left here I mean we should
try to get the boss rush we kind of
leave in that decision of the last
minute here or you know one of the later
minutes but it is somewhat sensible to
try to get the boss rush not only
because of the moving bucks which could
pick up all the items of boss rush but
also because a black room which could
then suck up all the items but we might
be a little too late to even make that
decision but we're going to try and I'm
kind of looking at this run the longer
we wait to use black room the more value
it will probably provide for us but it
the relative value of what it provides
for us is going to change you know it's
going to oscillate it's going to
fluctuate rapidly potentially like a man
in the desert a bottle of water might be
worth a million dollars to him are we in
a statistical desert right now with
respect to our attributes not quite I
mean five point four nine damage is not
terrible 11 rate of fire is not terrible
for HP necropolis 1 it's not terrible
but it's it's approaching terribleness
you know it could be there in a way you
know having a jack of all trades master
of none run and Isaac doesn't really
work as well as you might think like if
your gears are seven and your damage is
nine then that's a little different than
if your tears are 11 and your damage is
five and a half but daddy longlegs does
bias
sometime here plenty of battery charger
so we can suck up a lot of items here if
we're if we get the opportunity but we
want to pick up items that are good for
us right off the bat dude this King
champion here it's absurd does that
thing drop a battery charge when it dies
that you should not have lived that long
it doesn't make any sense
just let daddy longlegs do the dirty
work for you here because otherwise
you're going to you're going to take
damage it's just like if you break the
poop you're going to take damage or if
you break this poop right here I mean
you're going to take damage just let him
do the job for you
if we had done anything else there we
probably would have been hit and then we
would have lost our deal with the angel
chance and then that might have tilted
me to take an even more bad damage over
the course of the run you know it's just
is a potential cascading effect there so
we want this it's not much but it's a
little damage and it's a little HP we
don't need the money right now either so
I'm just saving our all of our charges
including the one that we have active
right now until we know if we can get
some value out of out of what we got
cherry a card very very useful this
floor is really where it's all going to
come down to right here we don't need a
great deal of the angel but it would be
really really really nice to get one
come on daddy longlegs Daniel day-lewis
hooked me up
hit the right enemies we're not going to
make boss rush I've given up on that
pipe dream to a minor extent I'd really
rather not use a chariot card right now
you know we could have a greed fight
coming up you could have a disagreed
fight coming right up this if nothing
else should like give you a hint about
how this run looks right now because the
fact that we are unable to kill double
chub here in any conceivable and
sensible timeframe I think it tells you
everything you need to know which is
that we are we're circle in a turlet
right now
or to put it in other words I'm not sick
but I'm not well
give me some damage that'd be swell you
know there you go something going on
there I love the look of grapes um I
mean I guess I can pay money to pick up
the compass tells us where to go
got a mini-boss back there we should
probably just I mean we need to go back
for black rune so let's go do that
I don't know I'm feeling all of the
burns simultaneously this really feels
like if we can just play well for like
two more rooms beat the boss without
getting hit the world's our oyster but
if we mess it up it could be that the
world's our turlet we plan and we should
it okay okay okay just be cool he did go
over the fire for about you know zero
point negative one point two six seconds
I mean I had I really did I hit as best
as I thought I could we took out an 11%
chance of getting a deal of any sort
that's not horrible it's not great
though come on come I mean pacifiers
good it rate of fire is now and in fact
pacifier might actually be great our
rate of fire is good enough to maybe
justify let's head down and find out by
the way I may have been like I may have
made a big mistake on that floor if
there was a spirit hard in the shop we
should have bought it don't let me just
get off scot-free for that one that
would have been a very very important
potentially like if not game winning
like game helping a great deal sort of
situation so
that would be what I would consider to
be a fairly major mistake but it could
have slipped my mind it does happen as
your I'm sure well aware but there might
also not have been a spirit heart in
there but if I was implicitly running on
bravado not a good idea unless you're
singing helicopter by the you know by
block party great song class the
all-time classic so we're gonna spit
everything out here we might as well
take the money and it doesn't really
matter and we're going to spend our next
charge sucking everything up because we
got IV bag out of this which we don't
really want but it is another stat
upgrade eventually because of black room
so this huge positives there and I'm
hoping that the ones for you at heart we
picked up from pacifier is going to do
the job here certainly like no green in
our shop would be nice but I wouldn't
mmm it's a little tight there honest I
mean we could suck that up but we need
another couple of charges so we're gonna
have to look at that as kind of like a
balance I think as we get over there
because this there should be a battery
charge in the shop if there's no greed
fight and then we'll we'll tackle it
from that point onwards we don't need to
suck up the boss items for example and
we've already missed boss rush so that's
not as much of a concern straight-up
this is an easy decision you by the
spirit heart we have no reason to take
there's options or more options we have
a reason to take there's options a
little bit not a huge one and actually
there's a bomb for sale we should buy
one of those as well but first we're
going to go over here and we're gonna
suck it all up we're going to suck up
Samson's chain I think we got more than
enough rooms given the extra battery
charge so sure I think we'll suck it up
we're going to suck up everything here
Samson's chain is interesting but it's
not good enough to to make it into the
rotation so we've got to spit everything
out in that room and then we got to suck
it up again if we get another bomb you
just use it on that situation right
there
just to make sure we have enough charges
I can't imagine we wouldn't I mean there
you go right there
I'll just buy it because there's no
point to saving our money right now
spit everything out leave we don't have
like a really impressive Hall right now
but the point is this could all go
horribly wrong but you know me Oh same
old G so what I'm going to do is is use
crooked panty to try to double
everything and if it turns into nothing
then the whole gambit failed but you got
a try I mean what kind of person would I
be if I didn't try to shoot the moon on
this one that's right I'd be a capital P
piece of garbage it's like you're
starting a sentence with piece of
garbage is the proper noun so this is
just a smart Isak trade that I wish I
didn't have to make but two bombs for
three bombs and some money and some keys
sure I mean it's a good deal if that's
how you spend your Sunday afternoon is
making that deal on Craigslist you'd be
like you know my side hustles going
alright but it's not the sort of thing
that single-handedly puts us in the win
column I think we're ready to leave this
floor again no at this point actually no
conceivable way to make foster rush oh
well that was really dumb three bombs
does give us some extra damage we could
pop out against mom but like dude daddy
longlegs is like actually hot trash
against mom and blue mom is the worst
possible outcome but we can persevere
we've had a few different opportunities
that haven't been even been the easiest
bosses you know like brownies not the
easiest boss and then to go up against
blue moms sucked and you know even raw
mega
who's actually rag mega on Wow
kind of a jerk but at some point you got
to like you got to own it right
that was bad but we did get her lease to
land on the fire the fire the fire we're
so close
come on dang it
he's done it it's a deal with the devil
honestly that might be for the best I
mean I'm not thrilled about the items
but I'll take copy anyway in the hopes
of making more happen in the future but
man oh man I'm starting to think after
this floor is where we take the we take
the plunge I think this is what we did
last time as well but starting to think
that the right way that you handle this
is you just go you beat the boss you see
what there is to go in the bathroom and
the deal with the devil room is possible
and then you from that point onwards
probably just go for the doubling to
kill all doublings from from crooked
pennies it's not as big as the last one
and of course there's a 50% chance it
gives us nothing it's an idiotic
decision what I'm about to do is an
idiotic decision not from like a
public-safety don't try this at home
standpoint but from like if you're
worried about winning the run standpoint
if that's your number one priority is
winning don't do this it's a 50% you
you're at like a 3 out of 10 and you can
take like a guaranteed 5 out of 10 which
is probably good enough for the win
you're taking a 50% chance at a 6 and a
50% chance is staying at a 3 the optics
do not make sense but we're doing it
because I also like from a meta
perspective and running a business and
the the right thing to do in the
entertainment business is to entertain
people so we're going to throw caution
to the wind and we're going to try
nobody's we know watching this episode
going oh I wish NL would be a little bit
more conservative on the with his
approach here it'd be really nice if he
like this is not golf this is uh eSports
baby has nothing against golf maybe a
win 99 will be playing golf but this
ain't golf yet I hope we can make it
Golf one day me is unlikely but I wanted
to check because we we have a very very
outside chance of the guppy dream and
I'm talking like we need this floor to
give us a deal with the devil which is a
one-third chance then it has to have
guppy items well Krampus is still alive
and like you know that we're starting to
get into some unlike unlikely situations
there's what I'm trying to get at but
bloodbag would be nice I mean if I'm
being Frank with you we could use the HP
as sad as that may sound I also do not
necessarily think we're guaranteed to be
able to beat the boss of this floor with
half a red heart of one spirit heart so
I'm going to be a little bit more
conservative than you might normally see
me being here it's fine we'll go back
and get some more that's great thank you
very much this nation owes you a great
debt now shut up and let me do my job
okay 1.43 speed now we're talking knock
back still pretty bad but only a parent
on rooms like that so this is really
going to be our our moneymaker right
here maybe that judgmental never say I
should have blown up the judgment that's
actually just like the correct decision
Wow I did not get hit there I basically
just should have
so you're going nowhere you died first
are they immune to fire am I losing my
mind we didn't beat the odds and that's
okay this is still the moment of truth
we drop the coat hanger or we pick up
the coat hanger sorry we drop everything
else we pick this up come on let's go oh
don't don't do wrong okay I mean the
sweet isn't it sweet without the sour
baby you got it you got to know that
that's a chance going in it does hurt
though but you know our rate of fire is
picked up a rate of fire is almost
tripled since since I was complaining
about it so it's not like this runs got
no prospects it just whiffed a little
bit on the crooked penny play but still
I wouldn't change my heart like I
actually started beating a little faster
during that and you know what to get
that experience in Isaac in this day and
age for me worth every penny get it
because we got one penny from the dump
dump down Wow okay you got to go double
that okay well you know at some point
you're gonna have to work with me here I
wanted to get to 10 cents because then I
was like this guy's guaranteed gonna pay
out one cent not so much huh okay well
get dusted young I gave us money but we
don't really care about money at this
point
head down to the next floor and we're
still fine is the thing like it's gonna
be I'm not gonna lie to you gonna be a
little touchy here but it's not a it's
not a terrible run it's not like I'm on
the womb like I can't kill anything it's
just going to be a little slower than
average you know we got okay damage
although the damage is kind of a sore
spot
we got good HP although not great HP but
our rate of fire is is now probably
stellar so it buys us a little bit of
leeway not a ton you know this isn't a
run that I would say oh if you're like a
beginning Isaac player you would win
this run too
this is like an intermediate finish
but you know we got that we got the
protocols we got the skills to pay the
bills
occasionally no not me and kg we haven't
got the cognitive capacity to lead
alright we'll do it we'll continue last
week we will continue last week okay
well I mean we we can't go to the curse
room yet because we need to maximize
deal with the devil chances because that
could work out very nicely for us one
spirit heart now works for us to do that
don't hurt yourself on these please
perks is fine range down is irrelevant
forty-eight hour energy does not matter
yet but could in the future something
you paid out with something and we could
double it but so we got a lot of blood
bank opportunities it's going to tell
you straight up
that's fool's gold right now this is
what you're looking for so you pick up
two spirit hearts you could have tried
for another doubling but let's not get
too fancy here this is where we pull the
run out of our buffs basically should go
little on this one
not much just you got to give gotta give
the game a chance to be nice to you
before you yell at it for being mean to
you go grab this sack of spirit heart
what do you get two spiders not a good
payout but it only cost us one spear at
heart so now we go back and grab this
two black runes like which we could try
to create with swallowed penny is
actually an integer which is actually
crooked penny it's actually an
interesting decision because it's one of
the few things that doesn't provide us
with a benefit from such a panic drop
but at least we can get some value it
doesn't provide us with any value via
being doubled you know it's not like we
can suck up an item twice we can suck up
on two different opportunities but we're
really trying to use this to maximize
one opportunity as much as possible so
small Rock is also I'm not dude shake
what your mama gave you on that one so
we got a better rate of fire I never
should have been hit there
that's my bad but better rate of fire
and better damage and our speed can
absorb the penalty here so that's like
fantastic and our rate of fire has
broken the cap so what we need to do now
is kill mom before she does attacks that
can hit me and I don't think that's
going to happen the less enemy she
summons the better but really just turn
on good northernlion right now beams I
guess right on the beams and that's
going to save us
Oh No Deal no 72% chance culminates in
No Deal you know what that's why it's
called 72% chance not 100% certainty and
I'll just go ahead and say it we got to
look for the dice room you know just for
curiosity's sake but um we and I want to
point out before I say this because
people are going to take this out of
context even though I'm going to give
you this little preamble here we have
gotten a little unlucky on this ride bad
bosses like some of the hardest bosses
in the game to perfect and we've gotten
them with no spirit hearts ok just cool
your jets here and then like very poor
spirit hard generation throughout the
entire run and then not getting a deal
with the angel forcing us to pay HP at
least I felt like it was forcing us to
pay HP for the future prospect that
never really came to fruition by a guppy
scholar you know we never got another
deal with the devil after that is what
I'm trying to say I think I think we did
get some bad rolls here a lot of bad
rolls more than more bad rolls than we
get on average all of that being said we
should still win even with the bad rolls
we could have played better and we've
ended up creating a run that is still
good it's better than fine it took a
little while to get there but it is
better than fine now
daddy longlegs straight I'll just tell
you straight up actually the least
favorite enemy in the game because he
does some damage that is nearly
unavoidable that possibly could have
gotten me there you got to take him out
I mean no no I'm not ready to go thank
you
permanent polaroid invincibility please
Dustin he's dusted okay play cool play
cool doesn't worry about that room taken
hits twice is fine the real problem was
the room two rooms before that let daddy
longlegs do its job let's go
let's go that's what we're looking for
we got rear oh Jesus like we got eighty
damage that's pretty solid
we got The MITRE 2020 epic ech in case
you didn't notice the a Cubs ladder and
the ankh which is actually fantastic oh
and kidney stone which is pretty
terrible if I'm being honest in this
configuration but right yeah I'm sure to
saw that coming should have seen that
coming our range is tear I'm not sure if
we improved ourselves here but we do
still have black rune and we went from
it's mom's eye or whatever is shooting
out behind us here that's that's
actually hell but thank you infamy thank
you infamy again the are you seeing my
problem here because my problem is that
I cannot shoot there's there's so many
situations where if I shoot
I'm guaranteed to take damage so like
there's there's occasionally situations
in which I can survive but not too many
uh this is still really bad in fact it
it almost might be worse but maybe not I
don't know it's it's a wild one man this
run is the threat has changed it's like
the game ain't the same certainly if we
hit an enemy they're in a rough spot I
mean they're they're taking some damage
it's everything leading up to that that
scares me if we get past Isaac we use
black rune maybe you get like we could
use the range upgrade also we have seven
range seven range it's terrible and then
on top of that our peers explode so you
know it's it's a rough it's a rough
situation right now
hey but we got a luck upgrade so you
know it ain't all bad
Oh in my defense the speed is also a
really bad like that almost got us there
okay literally got ah should have known
should have known it was just question
mics at this point so what can you do
except for just accepting that you're
going to take a hit there what can you
do if you don't shoot you're gonna get a
hit several red hearts please okay I
mean you just blow them up Tammy's head
there's no way that Tammy's head is
anything but awful for us but you gotta
try
[Music]
like maybe you can kill the boss I
actually cannot get far enough away this
is a serious problem
I don't think I can get far enough away
to use Tammy's head so mom's bottle of
pills will go back for it assuming we
survive this we got kidney stone kidney
stone is actually like an enormous
punishment I can't stress that enough it
looks like we're going to survive holy
crap we live okay so you got it you
can't take unless you get like I mean I
was going to say let's get unicorn stuff
but that's nonsensical got it you got to
take this even though this has a low
expected value there's nothing else you
can roll with here that makes any dang
sense you just got to go with this and
then you're just praying for luck here
sure okay I mean you really should blank
card black room and that's 0.25 range
upgrade you might as well use kidney
stone here where you can at least be in
a safe environment why on earth would
you go to the small room thank the Lord
that's like that's unaffordable damage I
don't want to use kidney stone cuz I
can't oh my god I lived I thought I was
dead actually
I can't sure but I can't shout this is
the end of this streak I've come to
terms of it now I got a shot out into
the wild
it's kidney stone yeah I I mean I'm not
that cheesed I'm not sure what we could
have done and the guy who killed me so
cute how could you look at that face and
hate it but dude that was rough for now
thanks for watching hope you enjoyed the
episode we'll go back to random runs for
now just to mix it up a little bit
thanks for watching if you enjoyed it
click the like button also a great deal
of course subscribe me lots more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time thanks 6
rooms